DOCUMENTATION.md, before:

# B.A.G.E.R. parser documentation

This document features documentation on how to use config files.

## config.toml
This file contains all the necessary information for parser to be able to parse the project documentation. Config file is divided into tables (sections) for easier organization. Each section MUST look like this:

```toml
[name_of_the_table]
    parser_type = "dxf" # dxf, image and GIS values are supported
    path = "dxf/circle_dimensions.dxf" # path to the file
    position_path = "none" # if you want to override position from the file
    depth = [100, 50] # depth of extracted polygons, an array
    hole = true # are extracted polygons place to dig or dump soil
    debug = false # turn debug mode on
    grid_size = 25 # spacing between two lines in a grid (excluding breakpoints)
    min_spacing = 10.0 # minimum spacing between two lines in a grid (used when they are too many breakpoints, e.g. curved segments of a polygon)
```

As you see, polygons from the same file share certain properties (e.g. `hole` property).

## position.toml
Currently only GPS coordinates are supported. Therefore, everything has to be under `[gps]` table. Position defining is done by creating an array of arrays of arrays.

First array which MUST be called `polygon_coords`. For each extracted polygon there is an array. Final array is an array of AT LEAST 3 consecutive new coordinates. Rest of the coordinates will be automatically calculated.

Example:
```toml
[gps]
polygon_coords = [
    [
        [-100.0, 0.0],
        [0.0, 0.0],
        [0.0, 100.0],
    ],
    [
        [200.0, -100.0],
        [300.0, -100.0],
        [300.0, 0.0],
    ]
]
```

## documentation.txt
Following design is applied:
```
SECTION_NAME-VALUE_OF_HOLE_VARIABLE
\tPOLYGON {i}
\t\tPOLYGON Z((0 0 100, 100 0 100, 100 100 100, 0 100 100))
```

In embedder polygons are divided into smaller polygons based on line divisions. We just group them here for the sake of easier organization.

Commit message:

Transform polygons using Shapely's affine transformation. Added scaling to the positioner.

DOCUMENTATION.md, after:

# B.A.G.E.R. parser documentation

This document features documentation on how to use config files.

## config.toml
This file contains all the necessary information for parser to be able to parse the project documentation. Config file is divided into tables (sections) for easier organization. Each section MUST look like this:

```toml
[name_of_the_table]
    parser_type = "dxf" # dxf, image and GIS values are supported
    path = "dxf/circle_dimensions.dxf" # path to the file
    position_path = "none" # if you want to override position from the file
    coords = [
        [
            [-100.0, 0.0],
            [0.0, 0.0],
            [0.0, 100.0],
        ],
        [
            [200.0, -100.0],
            [300.0, -100.0],
            [300.0, 0.0],
        ]
    ] # an array of arrays of new polygon coordinates, only first 3 points are enough to override, rest of points are automatically calculated
    depth = [100, 50] # depth of extracted polygons, an array
    scale = 2.0 # scale coefficient for all polygons
    hole = true # are extracted polygons place to dig or dump soil
    debug = false # turn debug mode on
    grid_size = 25 # spacing between two lines in a grid (excluding breakpoints)
    min_spacing = 10.0 # minimum spacing between two lines in a grid (used when they are too many breakpoints, e.g. curved segments of a polygon)
```

As you see, polygons from the same file share certain properties (e.g. `hole` property).

## documentation.txt
Following design is applied:
```
SECTION_NAME-VALUE_OF_HOLE_VARIABLE
\tPOLYGON {i}
\t\tPOLYGON Z((0 0 100, 100 0 100, 100 100 100, 0 100 100))
```

In embedder polygons are divided into smaller polygons based on line divisions. We just group them here for the sake of easier organization.
